README.md, before:

# passenger

An ansible galaxy role to install and configure passenger.

## Requirements

You must specify the `passenger_app_path` and will probably want to change the `passenger_user` and `passenger_ruby` to suit.

## Role Variables

* `passenger_app_path` - the directory where the rails or rack app lives
* `passenger_repo_apt_key` - the apt key for the passenger repo
* `passenger_repo` - the passenger repo configuration for apt
* `passenger_user` - username of that will be running passenger and executing the restart command
* `passenger_ruby` - path to the ruby binary

## Dependencies

Requires `ANXS.nginx` role.

## Example Playbook

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: appservers
      roles:
        - { role: passenger, tags: ['passenger'], passenger_app_path: '/srv/www/example.com/example_app', passenger_user: 'deploy' }

## License

Licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Update docs to include ANXS.nginx passenger module configuration

README.md, after:

# passenger

An ansible galaxy role to install and configure passenger.

## Requirements

You must specify the `passenger_app_path` and will probably want to change the `passenger_user` and `passenger_ruby` to suit.

## Role Variables

* `passenger_app_path` - the directory where the rails or rack app lives
* `passenger_repo_apt_key` - the apt key for the passenger repo
* `passenger_repo` - the passenger repo configuration for apt
* `passenger_user` - username of that will be running passenger and executing the restart command
* `passenger_ruby` - path to the ruby binary

## Dependencies

Requires `ANXS.nginx` role.

You need to add this to the vars for ANXS.nginx, `nginx_source_modules_included` dictionary should look something like:

    nginx_source_modules_included:
      \# <snip> your other ANXS.nginx configured modules here
      passenger_module: "--add-module=/usr/share/passenger/ngx_http_passenger_module"

## Example Playbook

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: appservers
      roles:
        - { role: passenger, tags: ['passenger'], passenger_app_path: '/srv/www/example.com/example_app', passenger_user: 'deploy' }

## License

Licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
